hi I'm Jennifer glass and I created a
company called core movement with the
most incredible human in the world
Natasha marbeth her mentors advise
Meghan Bello she said find the person
that you loved the most that you want to
be liked the most and then find your
authentic self in a yoga training so I
found her and I just adored the way that
she taught and the way she instructed
and really helped people and I took a
yoga training from her and then years
later we created a core movement inhale
send your hips up to the sky reach up to
the sky and my favorite expression is
bringing your hand to your heart I was
in global advertising for nearly a
decade I was an undergrad in journalism
and masters an emphasis in marketing I
jumped into the world of global
advertising and working on you know
brands from Wendy's to Colgate to Sonic
and you know some of the most iconic
brands in the world and I absolutely
loved that world I think if you're the
smartest person in the room then you
need to find another room and I loved
not being the smartest person in the
room I love being Ford when I walked out
of a meeting every time I was there I
loved it so much that I just dedicated
my heart and soul and at the time I
didn't know what it meant to listen to
your body and I wasn't listening to my
body and you know behind a computer and
a laptop and on a plane traveling coast
to coast my wrist started hurting and
then all of a sudden it started hurting
really badly like knifes were stabbing
my wrist not okay
I had just overdone it my wrists were
just shot and this is kind of my
universal simple for about a year I just
I took off I stopped working I went to
Western medicine doctors at the Kansas
City Bone & Joint Clinic who were one of
three in the nation that had very
innovative approaches to healing muscles
tendons
ligaments which I had just flared up and
once they healed me they told me to go
to yoga I thought yoga like I'm a
classically trained ballerina i've done
martial arts or years I run I hike I
kill it like I gonna go to some boring
namaste I can't sit there I can't do it
not gonna lie totally snuck out at
savasana
there's several times I thought I cannot
lay here this is so weird but then I
found more unique classes of yoga out on
the coast in Southern California and I
thought oh my gosh this is actually
incredible there was so much to it as
far as understanding how the mind works
and learning to really focus your mind
to you know breathe into areas of pain
and tension and physically move in
certain ways they started to feel
amazing relief and I started to build
strength inhale your arms up to the sky
everyone says it's so transformative and
it was transformative times a thousand I
learned that there was truly not a
better option from a glass of wine to
medicine to physical therapy to a
massage than yoga yoga as in restorative
yoga you know specialized yoga for
shoulders for a wrist for maintenance or
just a get a good workout in so after
the training I thought I want to bring
this to other people you know I want to
be able to share with those that are
like me you know working the insane
hours multitasking trying to say ahead
of the competition there's an
alternative like there's this magical
thing called yoga that it gives you
whatever you need it provides you the
calmness it helps you to
you focus your mind it helps you to
reframe your thoughts you know to choose
to be happy to choose to be what you
want to be learning so much of that I
thought in our if I just go teach yoga I
can affect a few people you know I could
do private lessons I can do classes but
you know from a business perspective I
thought how can I bring this to a
broader audience how can I truly share
with as many people as possible that you
know this is the most healing thing tell
yourself that you can truly believe you
can draw back to our intention of
relinquishing fear how amazing to apply
the business the marketing the
advertising skill to something that
makes people better and so I thought you
know I'm just gonna do it I'm gonna take
the risk and exhale little backbend core
with a K me and sculptures and statues
of the body and movement is a double
entendre so movement like move your body
and then movement as in a lifestyle so
core movements a lifestyle brand the
core of it is that we create and sell
yoga programs left leg reaches high we
have a doctor a physical therapist nurse
practitioner that oversee the program
they are all expertise is in muscles
bones joints the myofascial release the
world of anatomy that Yoga really lives
in you know what most people don't
realize is that there are reasons why
you do one pose after another to really
balance and find counterbalance and with
their expertise were able to create the
most you know safe but yet innovative
and fun sequences mrs. crow maybe you
want to shake your tail feathers not
only
is yoga amazing but yoga for kids you
know kids today it's you know they have
more demands on them than ever you know
they're crying out for their quiet time
you know I never thought kids would want
to lay in savasana or have this time of
relaxation you know they always want to
run around right but you know they have
from school to homework to
extracurricular activities and they're a
lot deeper than a lot of times we think
they are you know they're very intuitive
to the world around us today and we
created a lot of core movement kids
programs of you know not just yoga doing
animal poses and it's for kids but
really you know like the seven
superpowers disguised as the seven
chakras you know for kids to understand
how that parlays into their life and
breathing techniques from when they're
stressed or to really focus their
energies breathing in and out we call it
yoga for the 21st century so it has the
benefits of the hundreds of year old
practice combined with a 21st century
spin meaning that we guide you into the
pose and then you find your own so no
two bodies look alike no two bodies move
alike so close your eyes and just move
follow the cues and then don't overthink
it you know just go just just go and
enjoy it it's about the journey not the
destination I promise you that happiness
is my yoga lifestyle
you